The father of Huang Mao is not successful, two billion.
Well, Siping succeeded, and it really cost 2 billion.
Impossible, how could he have so much money?
Absolutely impossible.
He sometimes has so much money, why does he still want to share the most with our family?
Damn it, you can see clearly for yourself,
How much can he find out?
Brother, one hundred dollars, wow, one hundred thousand, one million, ten million!
Here you go, eight billion in a moment!
Are you sure you read it correctly, I am eight billion,
Eight passes have been completed,
What kind of courage are you looking at? It's impossible without eyesight
Don't buy any more
What table should I buy?
Eight billion eyelashes
Even if you want to come
More than 50 billion
You say buy ten clouds to establish a township
If you buy a hundred of them, you're right.
You are so awesome
I'll report first
From now on, I will buy ten clouds and establish Xiyiyi.